# Reports

A tool for writing reports for code repositories.

## Description

**Reports**, or **Results Presentation**, is a tool that aims to
abstract the process of writing periodic reports, so there would be no need to worry
about styles or any document syntax, but the information it will contain.

The report, as of now, is understood as a document with a title, date, description and a number of tasks.

## Requires

-   [GCC.](http://gcc.gnu.org)

## Compile and Execute

Once you download this project or clone this repository, you might want to
compile the code. To do so, go to the root directory of the project, through terminal,
and enter the following command:

```
make
```

If no errors occured, still at the root of the project:

```
./bin/results_presentation
```

## Usage

While in execution, you might see a "." in the terminal. So, you may enter the following commands,
in this order:

### p1

p1 is the command that represents the "process 1" for writing the document. You will be prompted to enter the title, date and description of your document.

### p2

This command will prompt you about the Title, Description, Completion and Notes of a certain task. You may continue adding more tasks at the end of it.

### finish

If the document is ready, this command will prompt you an output file name. Once executed, a new file will probably be created with the name you specified, at the root of the project.

## Considerations

This project is at its initial state. If you want to try to break it, you'll possibly
succeed. If so, the outcome is unpredictable, for me.

This is an example of an output generated by the tool: [tasks/190306_the_initial_plan_remastered.md](https://github.com/murilobnt/reports/blob/master/tasks/190306_the_initial_plan_remastered.md)

## License

Reports is licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/murilobnt/reports/blob/master/LICENSE).
